Q: Who is bigger: Mr. Bigger, Mrs. Bigger, or their baby?
A: The baby, because he is a little bigger.
Q: You are in a cabin and it is pitch black. You have one match on you. Which do you light first, the newspaper, the lamp, the candle, or the fire?
A: You light the match first!
Q: A plane crashes on the border of the U.S. and Canada. Where do they bury the survivors?
A: You do not bury the SURVIVORS!
Q: I do not have any special powers, but I can predict the score of any football game before it begins. How can I do this?
A: Well, the score before any football game is always zero to zero!
Q: In a year, there are 12 months. Seven months have 31 days. How many months have 28 days?
A: They all do.
Q: Mike is a butcher. He is 5'10" tall. What does he weigh?
A: Meat
Q: A woman has six daughters and they each have a brother. How many children does she have?
A: Seven
Q: A red house is made from red bricks. A blue house is made from blue bricks. A yellow house is made from yellow bricks. What is a green house made from?
A: Glass
Q: If it takes six men one hour to dig six holes, how long does it take one man to dig half a hole?
A: You cant dig half a hole
Q: There is a fire in a 12-storey building. A man panics and jumps out of the window. How does he survive?
A: He jumped out of the first floor
Q: What phrase is illustrated by HIGH HIGH HIGH HIGH HIGH?
A: High five
Q: A girl who was just learning to drive went down a one-way street in the wrong direction, but didnt break the law. How come?
A: She was walking
Q: A man walked around town all day long but only moved two feet. How is this possible?
A: He only has two feet
Q: Your maternal uncles only brother-in-law is lying on the couch. Who is he?
A: Your father
Q: How many months of the year have 28 days?
A: Twelve
Q: farmer has 17 sheep. all but nine die, how many are left?
A: Nine
Q: You walk across a bridge and you see a boat full of people yet there isnt a single person on board. How is that possible?
A: They are all married
Q: What common mathematical symbol can you place between the numerals 4 and 5 that results in a number greater than four but less than six?
A: A decimal point
Q: What five-letter word becomes shorter when two letters added onto it?
A: Short