Q: How far can a rabbit run into the woods?
A: Halfway. After that, he is running out of the woods.
Q: Jimmy's mother had four children. She named the first Monday. She named the second Tuesday, and she named the third Wednesday. What is the name of the fourth child?
A: Jimmy, because Jimmy's mother had four children!
Q: Before Mt. Everest was discovered, what was the highest mountain in the world?
A: Mt. Everest. It was still the highest in the world. It just had not been discovered yet!
Q: What can you hold without ever touching or using your hands?
A: Your breath!
Q: Our description may cause surprise, we have twelve faces and forty-two eyes, and yes we are a pair of what?
A: Dice
Q: There is a man on an island prison, he cannot swim. One day he escapes using nothing but himself. There is no bridge. How does he do it?
A: Walked off when water was frozen
Q: If you are in a dark room with a candle, a wood stove and a gas lamp and you only have one match, what do you light first?
A: Match
Q: A man ran through a stop sign. Two police officers saw him and just sat there. Why?
A: He was running
Q: What goes on and on with i in the middle?
A: Onion
Q: What has four legs and a back, but cant walk?
A: A chair
Q: A farmer has five haystacks in one field and four haystacks in another. How many haystacks would he have if he combined them all in one field?
A: One
Q: If the wind blows only from the north, where must I be on Planet Earth?
A: South Pole
Q: A cowboy rides into town on Friday, stays for three days, and then leaves on Friday. How did he do it?
A: Friday is his horses name
Q: If you do it once, its good. If you do it twice on the same day, though, its a serious crime. What is it?
A: Vote
Q: What is put on a table and cut but never eaten?
A: Pack of cards
Q: Name the three-letter word that becomes fewer when two more letters are added?
A: Few
Q: If there are three apples and you take away two of them, how many do you have?
A: Two
Q: What do you put in a bucket to make it lighter?
A: A hole
Q: I'm tall when I'm young and I'm short when I'm old. What am I?
A: A candle