Q: There are three houses. One is red, one is blue, and one is white. If the red house is to the left of the house in the middle, and the blue house is to the right to the house in the middle, where is the white house?
A: In Washington, D.C.!
Q: Which travels faster? Hot or Cold?
A: Hot is faster, because you can catch a cold.
Q: Which is heavier? A pound of feathers or a pound of rocks?
A: Neither. Both weigh a pound!
Q: Imagine that you are in a boat, in the middle of the sea. Suddenly, you are surrounded by hungry sharks, just waiting to feed on you. How can you put an end to this?
A:Stop imagining
Q: A farmer has 17 sheep and all but nine die. How many are left?
A: Nine
Q: How much dirt is there in a hole that measures two feet by three feet by four feet?
A: None
Q: How many different letters are used in the sentence The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog?
A: 26
Q: If you threw a white hat with a blue ribbon into the Red Sea, what would it become?
A: Wet
Q: What gets wet as it dries?
A: A towel 
Q: The red house is on one side and the blue is on the other, where is the white house?
A: Washington, D.C.
Q: What five-letter word, no matter how you pronounce it, is always pronounced wrong?
A: Wrong
Q: What occurs once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years?
A: The letter M
Q: What call for help, when written in capital letters, is the same forwards, backwards and upside down?
A: SOS
Q: Johnnys mother had three children. The first child was named April. The second child was named May. What was the third childs name?
A: Johnny
Q: If an electric train is travelling south, which way is the smoke going?
A: There is no smoke
Q: What room has no windows and no doors?
A: Mushroom 
Q: Even if they are starving, natives living in the Arctic will never eat a penguins egg. Why not?
A: There are no penguins there
Q: Two people are in a barn. Ten cats follow them in. How many feet are in the barn now?
A: 4, cats have paws
Q: Why cant you marry your widows sister?
A: You're dead