Q: What is full of holes but can still hold water?
A: A sponge
Q: When you have me, you immediately feel like sharing me. But, if you do share me, you do not have me.
A: A secret
Q: First, I threw away the outside and cooked the inside. Then I ate the outside and threw away the inside. What did I eat?
A: Corn on the cob
Q: Give me food, and I will live; give me water, and I will die. What am I?
A: Fire
Q: You are participating in a race. You overtake the second person. What position do you finish?
A: Second
Q: It goes up and down stairs without moving. What is it?
A: A carpet
Q: You walk into a room with two dead bodies lying on the floor. Both are surrounded with broken glass and the floor is damp, what species are the bodies?
A: Fish
Q: At night they come without being fetched, and by day they are lost without being stolen. What are they?
A: Stars
Q: What invention lets you look right through a wall?
A: Window
Q: What relationship to you is your fathers only brother's wife's only brother-in-law?
A: Father
Q: Born at the same time as the world, destined to live as long as the world, and yet never five weeks old. What am I?
A: The moon
Q: Whats a box with no locks, key or a lid, but inside a treasure of gold is hid?
A: An egg
Q: Two people are playing cards for a stake of a dollar a game. At the end of the evening, one of them has won three games and the other has won $3. How many games did they play?
A: 9
Q: What can you never catch no matter how fast and long you run?
A: The horizon
Q: If you have been given three pills, one to take every half an hour, how long would they last?
A: 1 hour
Q: What do you have to give before you can keep it?
A: Your word
Q: What has rivers but no water, cities but no buildings, forests but no trees, deserts but no sand, and mountains but no rocks?
A: A map
Q: What kind of tree can you carry in your hand?
A: Palm
Q: You are driving a bus. At the first stop, two women get on. The second stop, three men get on and one woman gets off. At the third stop, three kids and their mom get on, and a man gets off. The bus is grey, and it is raining outside. What color is the bus driver's hair?
A: Whatever color your hair is! Remember, you are the bus driver!